Q: What did the spider do on the computer? 
A: Made a website! 

Q: What did the computer do at lunchtime?
A: Had a byte! 

Q: What does a baby computer call his father?
A: Data! 

Q: Why did the computer keep sneezing?
A: It had a virus! 

Q: What is a computer virus?
A: A terminal illness! 

Q: Why was the computer cold?
A: It left it's Windows open! 

Q: Why was there a bug in the computer?
A: Because it was looking for a byte to eat? 

Q: Why did the computer squeak?
A: Because someone stepped on it's mouse! 

Q: What do you get when you cross a computer and a life guard?
A: A screensaver! 

Q: Where do all the cool mice live?
A: In their mousepads 

Q: What do you get when you cross a computer with an elephant?
A: Lots of memory! 

Q: What goes up and down but does not move?
A: Stairs 

Q: Where should a 500 pound alien go?
A: On a diet 

Q: What did one toilet say to the other?
A: You look a bit flushed. 

Q: Why did the picture go to jail? 
A: Because it was framed. 

Q: What did one wall say to the other wall? 
A: I'll meet you at the corner. 

Q: What did the paper say to the pencil?
A: Write on! 

Q: What do you call a boy named Lee that no one talks to?
A: Lonely 

Q: What gets wetter the more it dries? 
A: A towel. 

Q: Why do bicycles fall over?
A: Because they are two-tired! 

Q: Why do dragons sleep during the day?
A: So they can fight knights! 

Q: What did Cinderella say when her photos did not show up?
A: Someday my prints will come! 

Q: Why was the broom late? 
A: It over swept! 

Q: What part of the car is the laziest?
A: The wheels, because they are always tired! 

Q: What did the stamp say to the envelope? 
A: Stick with me and we will go places! 

Q: What is blue and goes ding dong?
A: An Avon lady at the North Pole! 

Q: We're you long in the hospital?
A: No, I was the same size I am now! 

Q: Why couldn't the pirate play cards? 
A: Because he was sitting on the deck! 

Q: What did the laundryman say to the impatient customer?
A: Keep your shirt on! 

Q: What's the difference between a TV and a newspaper?
A: Ever tried swatting a fly with a TV? 

Q: What did one elevator say to the other elevator? 
A: I think I'm coming down with something! 

Q: Why was the belt arrested?
A: Because it held up some pants! 

Q: Why was everyone so tired on April 1st?
A: They had just finished a March of 31 days. 

Q: Which hand is it better to write with?
A: Neither, it's best to write with a pen! 

Q: Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? 
A: Because then it would be a foot! 

Q: What makes the calendar seem so popular?
A: Because it has a lot of dates! 

Q: Why did Mickey Mouse take a trip into space?
A: He wanted to find Pluto! 

Q: What is green and has yellow wheels?
A: Grass…..I lied about the wheels! 

Q: What is it that even the most careful person overlooks?
A: Her nose! 

Q: Did you hear about the robbery last night?
A: Two clothes pins held up a pair of pants! 

Q: Why do you go to bed every night?
A: Because the bed won't come to you! 

Q: Why did Billy go out with a prune?
A: Because he couldn't find a date! 

Q: Why do eskimos do their laundry in Tide?
A: Because it's too cold out-tide! 

Q: How do you cure a headache?
A: Put your head through a window and the pane will just disappear! 

Q: What has four wheels and flies?
A: A garbage truck! 

Q: What kind of car does Mickey Mouse's wife drive?
A: A minnie van! 

Q: Why don't traffic lights ever go swimming?
A: Because they take too long to change! 

Q: Why did the man run around his bed?
A: To catch up on his sleep! 

Q: Why did the robber take a bath before he stole from the bank?
A: He wanted to make a clean get away! 
