I went to see a friend with her new baby last night;
she asked me if I wanted to wind it.I thought that 
was a bit harsh, so I just gave it a Dead-Leg
                                                  
Two Aerials meet on a roof - fall in love - get married
The ceremony was rubbish but the Reception was Brilliant.

Man goes to the docs, with a strawberry growing 
out of his head. Doc says, 'I'll give you some 
cream to put on it.'

'Doc, I can't stop singing the green green grass of home.'
'That sounds like Tom Jones syndrome.'
'Is it common?'
'It's not unusual.'

Two elephants walk off a cliff...... boom boom!

So I went to the dentist.
He said 'Say Aaah.'
I said 'Why?'
He said 'My dog's died.'
 
So I got home, and the phone was ringing. 
I picked it up, and said 'Who's speaking please?'
And a voice said 'You are.'

So I rang up my local swimming baths.
I said 'Is that the local swimming baths?'
He said 'It depends where you're calling from.'

So I rang up a local building firm, 
I said 'I want a skip outside my house.'
He said 'I'm not stopping you.'

Apparently, 1 in 5 people in the world are Chinese. 
And there are 5 people in my family, so it must 
be one of them.
It's either my mum or my dad.
Or my older brother Colin.
Or my younger brother Ho-Cha-Chu.
But I think it's Colin.

So I was in my car, and I was driving along, and 
my boss rang up, and he said 'You've been promoted.'
And I swerved.
And then he rang up a second time and said 
'You've been promoted again.'
And I swerved again.
He rang up a third time and said 
'You're managing director.'
And I went into a tree.
And a policeman came up and said
'What happened to you?'
And I said 'I careered off the road.'

Now, most dentists' chairs go up and down, don't they?
The one I was in went back and forwards.
I thought 'This is unusual'. And the dentist said to me,
'Mr Cooper, get out of the filing cabinet.'

So I was getting into my car, and this bloke says 
to me 'Can you give me a lift?'
I said 'Sure ................ you look great, the 
world's your oyster, go for it.'

Two cannibals eating a clown. One says to the 
other'Does this taste funny to you?'

Police arrested two kids yesterday, one was
drinking battery acid, and the other was eating fireworks.
They charged one and let the other one off.

You know, somebody actually complimented me on my 
driving today. They left a little note on the
windscreen; it said 'Parking Fine.'
So that was nice.

A man walked into the doctors,
The doctor said 'I haven't seen you in a long time'
The man replied, 'I know I've been ill'

A man walked into the doctors, he said 'I've hurt 
my arm several places'
The doctor said, 'well don't go to those places'

I had a ploughman's lunch the other day.
He wasn't very happy.

I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other 
day but I Couldn’t find any.

I bought some HP sauce the other day.
It's costing me 6p a month for the next 2 years.

Two blondes walk into a building..........you'd 
think at least one of them would have seen it.

Phone answering machine message -
'...If you want to buy marijuana...press the hash key…’

I went to the butchers the other day and I bet him 
50 quid that he couldn't reach the meat off the top shelf.
He said, 'No, the steaks are too high.'
 
My friend drowned in a bowl of muesli.
A strong currant pulled him in.

A man came round in hospital after a serious accident.
He shouted, 'Doctor, doctor, I can't feel my legs!'
The doctor replied, 'I know you can't, I've cut your arms off'.

I went to a seafood disco last week and pulled a mussel.
   
Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly.
They lit a fire in the craft. It sank, proving 
once and for all that you can't have your kayak 
and heat it.

Our ice cream man was found lying on the floor of 
his van covered with hundreds and thousands.
Police say that he topped himself.

Two fat blokes in a pub, one says to the other 'Your round.'
The other one says 'So are you, you fat slob!'

Ireland 's worst air disaster occurred early this 
morning when a small two-seater Cessna plane 
crashed into a cemetery.
Irish search and rescue workers have recovered 
1826 bodies so far and expect that number to 
climb as digging continues into the night
