Every morning is the dawn of a new error...

For people who like peace and quiet: a phoneless cord.

The beatings will continue until morale improves.

I used up all my sick days, so I'm calling in dead.

Mental Floss prevents Moral Decay.

Madness takes its toll. Please have exact change.

Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?

A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.

I don't have a solution but I admire the problem.

Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie|'... till you can find a rock.

Diplomacy - the art of letting someone have your way.

If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest have to drown too?

If things get any worse, I'll have to ask you to stop helping me.

It's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere.

Help Wanted: Telepath. You know where to apply.

Budget: A method for going broke methodically.

Car service: If it ain't broke, we'll break it.

Shin: A device for finding furniture in the dark.

Do witches run spell checkers?

Demons are a Ghouls best Friend.

Copywight 1994 Elmer Fudd. All wights wesewved.

Department of Redundancy Department

Headline: Bear takes over Disneyland in Pooh D'Etat|

What has four legs and an arm? A happy pit bull.

Cannot find REALITY.SYS. Universe halted.

2 + 2 = 5 for extremely large values of 2.

Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.

My software never has bugs. It just develops random features

C:\WINDOWS C:\WINDOWS\GO C:\PC\CRAWL

C:\DOS C:\DOS\RUN RUN\DOS\RUN

BREAKFAST.COM Halted...Cereal Port Not Responding

Access denied--nah nah na nah nah|

Why doesn't DOS ever say "EXCELLENT command or filename|"

As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.

Southern DOS: Y'all reckon? (Yep/Nope)

Backups? We don' *NEED* no steenking backups.

... File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N)

Ethernet (n): something used to catch the etherbunny

An error? Impossible| My modem is error correcting.

Disinformation is not as good as datinformation.

Who's General Failure & why's he reading my disk?

RAM disk is *not* an installation procedure.

Shell to DOS...Come in DOS, do you copy? Shell to DOS...

Smash forehead on keyboard to continue.....

Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue...

ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI|

Error: Keyboard not attached. Press F1 to continue.

"640K ought to be enough for anybody." - Bill Gates, 1981

DOS Tip #17: Add DEVICE=FNGRCROS.SYS to CONFIG.SYS

Hidden DOS secret: add BUGS=OFF to your CONFIG.SYS

Press any key... no, no, no, NOT THAT ONE|

Press any key to continue or any other key to quit...

Excuse me for butting in, but I'm interrupt-driven.

REALITY.SYS corrupted: Reboot universe? (Y/N/Q)

Error reading FAT record: Try the SKINNY one? (Y/N)

Hit any user to continue.

I hit the CTRL key but I'm still not in control|

If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.

Real programmers don't document. If it was hard to write, it should be hard to understand.

A day without sunshine is like night.

On the other hand, you have different fingers.

42.7 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot.

99 percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.

Remember, half the people you know are below average.

He who laughs last, thinks slowest.

Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.

The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese in the trap.

Support bacteria. They're the only culture most people have.

A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.

Change is inevitable, except from vending machines.

If you think nobody cares, try missing a couple of payments.

How many of you believe in psychokinesis? Raise my hand.

OK, so what's the speed of dark?

When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.

Hard work pays off in the future. Laziness pays off now.

How much deeper would the ocean be without sponges?

Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.

What happens if you get scared half to death, twice?

Why do psychics have to ask you your name?

Inside every older person is a younger person wondering, 'What the heck happened?'

Just remember -- if the world didn't suck, we would all fall off.

Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.

Life isn't like a box of chocolates.
It's more like a jar of jalapenos. What you do today, might burn your butt tomorrow.

I pretend to work. They pretend to pay me.

Sarcasm is just one more service we offer.

If I throw a stick, will you leave?

Errors have been made. Others will be blamed.

Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.

Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.

See no evil, hear no evil, date no evil.

Not all men are annoying. Some are dead.

I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.

A cubicle is just a padded cell without a door.

Stress is when you wake up screaming & you realize 
you haven't fallen asleep yet.

Can I trade this job for what's behind door number 1?

I thought I wanted a career; turns out I just 
wanted pay cheques.

Too many freaks, not enough circuses.

Did you hear about the new corduroy pillows? 
They’re making headlines everywhere!

Last night I almost had a threesome, I only 
needed two more people!

Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella? Fo’ drizzle.

A magician was walking down the street and 
turned into a grocery store.

There was a prison break and I saw a midget climb 
up the fence. As he jumped down her sneered at me 
and I thought, well that’s a little condescending.

You kill vegetarian vampires with a steak to the heart.

Why was six afraid of seven? Because seven was 
a well known six offender.

What does a nosey pepper do? Get jalapeño business.

It’s hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs 
because they always take things literally.

A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. 
And a chair.

The dyslexic devil worshipper sold his soul to Santa.

The midget fortune teller who kills his customers 
is a small medium at large.

If you want to catch a squirrel just climb a tree and act like a nut.

I used to think the brain was the most important 
organ. Then I thought, look what’s telling me that.

A farmer in the field with his cows counted 196 of 
them, but when he rounded them up he had 200.

Macho Law prohibits me from admitting I'm wrong.

Nice perfume. Must you marinate in it?

I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. 
Then it hit me.

Why don’t you ever see hippopotamus hiding in 
trees? Because they’re really good at it.

What is Bruce Lee’s favorite drink? Wataaaaah!

So this guy with a premature ejaculation 
problem comes out of nowhere.

12. A magician was walking down the street 

What time is it when you have to go to the 
dentist? Tooth-hurtie.

My friend recently got crushed by a pile of books, 
but he’s only got his shelf to blame.

What did Jay-Z call his girlfriend before they 
got married? Feyoncé.

Did you hear about the Mexican train killer?
He had locomotives.

Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like banana.
 
Chaos, panic, & disorder - my work here is done.

How does NASA organize their company parties? They planet.

How many kids with ADHD does it take to change a
 light bulb? Let’s go play on our bikes.

Never trust a dog to watch your food.

Why can’t a bike stand on its own? It’s two tired.

Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the 
bathroom? Because the “P” is silent.

Talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand.

If At First You Don't Succeed, Blame Someone 
Else And Seek Counselling.

What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers.

What do you call dangerous precipitation? A rain of terror.

Atheism is a non-prophet organization.

You're Just Jealous Because the Voices Are Talking to Me.

Two fish are in a tank. One turns to the other 
and asks “How do you drive this thing?”

What’s the best part about living in Switzerland? 
Not sure, but the flag is a big plus.

What do you call a big pile of kittens? A meowntain.

How do you make Holy water? Boil the hell out of it.

Dwarfs and midgets have very little in common.

Dry erase boards are remarkable.

Why didn’t the lifeguard save the hippie? 
Because he was too far out man!

Just went to an emotional wedding. 
Even the cake was in tiers.

What is the difference between ignorance and apathy? 
I don’t know, and I don’t care.

When you get a bladder infection, urine trouble.

You want to hear a pizza joke? Never mind, 
it’s pretty cheesy.

I started a band called 999 Megabytes — 
we haven’t gotten a gig yet.

Learn sign language, it’s very handy.

Pampered cows produce spoiled milk.

I wrote a song about a tortilla.
 Well actually, it’s more of a wrap.

Marketing companies should use chromosomes 
in advertisements because sex cells.

PMS should just be called ovary-acting.

How did the hipster burn his tongue? 
He drank his coffee before it was cool.

What do you call a dinosaur with a 
extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.