I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't 
work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.

Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down 
to his level and beat you with experience.

I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my 
grandfather, not screaming and yelling like the 
passengers in his car.

Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any 
more than standing in a garage makes you a car.

The last thing I want to do is hurt you. 
But it's still on the list.

Light travels faster than sound. This is why some 
people appear bright until you hear them speak.

If I agreed with you, we'd both be wrong.

We never really grow up; we only learn how to act in public.

War does not determine who is right - only who is left.

Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; 
Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.

Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening' 
and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.

To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To 
steal from many is research.

A bus station is where a bus stops. A train 
station is where a train stops. On my desk, 
I have a work station.

How is it one careless match can start a forest 
fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
 
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good 
for anything, but you can't help smiling when you 
see one tumble down the stairs.
 
Dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of 
captivity, they can train people to stand on
the very edge of the pool and throw them fish.
   
I didn't say it was your fault; I said I was blaming you.
   
Why does someone believe you when you say there 
are four billion stars but check when you say 
the paint is wet?
   
Why do Americans choose from just two people 
to run for president and 50 for Miss America ?
   
Behind every successful man is his woman. 
Behind the fall of a successful man is usually 
another woman.
   
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
   
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only 
need a parachute to skydive twice.

The voices in my head may not be real, but they 
have some good ideas!

Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't 
expect it back.

A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to 
hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.

Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're 
at home, even if you wish they were.

Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes 
misery easier to live with.

Some cause happiness wherever they go. Others 
whenever they go.   

I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure.
 
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember 
that the Fire Department usually uses water.

You're never too old to learn something stupid.

To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and 
call whatever you hit the target.

Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.

Some people hear voices. Some see invisible people. 
Others have no imagination whatsoever.

A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when 
you are after it as when you are in it.

If you are supposed to learn from your mistakes, 
why do some people have more than one child?

Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.

Light travels faster than sound. This is why some 
people appear bright until you hear them speak. 

A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine 
for doing well.

He who laughs last, thinks slowest.

A day without sunshine is like, well, night.

Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.

Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.

Nothing is foolproof to a sufficiently talented fool.

The 50-50-90 rule: Anytime you have a 50-50 chance 
of getting something right, there's a 90% 
probability you'll get it wrong.

It is said that if you line up all the cars in the 
world end-to-end, someone from Alberta would be 
stupid enough to try to pass them.

If the shoe fits, get another one just like it.

The things that come to those who wait, may be the 
things left by those who got there first. 

Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach 
a man to fish and he will sit in a boat all day 
drinking beer.

Flashlight: A case for holding dead batteries.

God gave you toes as a device for finding furniture 
in the dark.

When you go into court, you are putting yourself 
in the hands of twelve people, who weren't smart 
enough to get out of jury duty.


