I can see your point, but I still think you're 
full of sh*t.

I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet 
it's hard to pronounce.

How about never? Is never good for you?

I see you've set aside this special time to 
humiliate yourself in public.

I'm really easy to get along with once you 
people learn to see it my way.

Who lit the fuse on your tampon?

I'm out of my mind, but feel free to 
leave a message.

I don't work here. I'm a consultant.

It sounds like English, but I can't understand a
 word you're saying.

Ahhhh, I see the f ***-up fairy has visited us again.

I like you. You remind me of myself when 
I was young and stupid.

You are validating my inherent mistrust of strangers.

I have plenty of talent and vision; 
I just don't give a sh*t.

I'm already visualizing the duct tape over your mouth.

I will always cherish the initial misconceptions 
I had about you.

Thank you. We're all refreshed and challenged
 by your unique point of view.

The fact that no one understands you doesn't 
mean you're an artist.

Any resemblance between your reality and mine 
is purely coincidental.

What am I? Flypaper for freaks?!

I'm not being rude. You're just insignificant.

It's a thankless job, but I've got a lot of 
Karma to burn off.

Yes, I am an agent of Satan, but my duties 
are largely ceremonial.

And your cry-baby whiny-arsed opinion would be?

Do I look like a f****** people person to you?

This isn't an office. It's Hell with fluorescent lighting.

I started out with nothing and I still have most of it left.

Sarcasm is just one more service we offer.

If I throw a stick, will you leave?

Errors have been made. Others will be blamed.

Whatever kind of look you were aiming for, you missed.

Oh I get it. Like humour, but different.........

An office is just a mental institute without the padded walls.

Can I swap this job for what's behind door .........1?

Too many freaks, not enough circuses.

Nice perfume (or aftershave). Must you marinate in it?

Chaos, panic, and disorder. My work here is done.

How do I set a laser printer to stun?

I thought I wanted a career; it turns out I just needed the money.

I'll try being nicer if you'll try being more intelligent.

Wait a minute - I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.

Aren't you just a black hole of need.

I'd like to help you out, which way did you come in?

Did you eat an extra bowl of stupid this morning?

Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.

If you have something to say raise your hand
.........then place it over your mouth.

I'm too busy, can I ignore you some other time?

Don't let your mind wander, its too small to 
be let out on its own.

Have a nice day, somewhere else.

You're not yourself today, I noticed the 
improvement straight away.

You are as pretty as a picture, 
I'd really like to hang you.

Don't believe everything you think.

Do you hear that? That's the sound of no-one caring.  

About 80% of women wear the wrong size bra.

The first paintball guns were used to mark trees.

The United States has over 170,000 gas stations.

Cats spend about 70% of a day sleeping.

Rabbits cannot throw up.

Rats cannot burp.

The mouth produces a quart of saliva every day.

Flies jump backwards when they take off.

There are 160 words for camel in Arabic.

Tomato juice takes away the smell of skunk.

Sound travels five times faster under 
water than in air.

Over half of the state names in the USA 
cames from Native American languages.

Fossils of sea creatures have been found at Mount Everest.

There are 92 known cases of nuclear bombs lost at sea.

The fortune cookie was invented in San Francisco.

The average outdoor only cat has a lifespan 
of about three years.

Bulls are colorblind. It is not the color of 
the cape which angers them it is the motion.

Children grow faster in the springtime.

The highest temperature recorded at the 
South Pole was minus 13 degrees centigrade.

A shrimp's heart is in its head.

Slugs have 4 noses.

Lobster used to be poor people's food.

In the 1500s most people got married in June 
after their yearly bath in May.

Fires usually move faster uphill than downhill.

At any given time about 0.7% of the world's 
population are estimated to be drunk.

The average person will spend about 2 weeks 
during their lifetime waiting for the traffic 
light to change.

About 75% of the world's tornadoes hit the US.

Originally cheerleaders were all men.

Elephants are able to cry.

Richard and Carol Roble re-married each other 56 times.

There are about 600 different shapes of pasta worldwide.

Tipping in Iceland is considered an insult.

Reindeer hair is hollow like a tube.

The decomposition time for a glass bottle is 
Approximately 1 million years.

When an elephant dies of old age the cause 
of death is usually hunger.

People can't sneeze while sleeping.

There is a town in Canada called Dildo.

The first day of the first year of the first 
millennium was a Saturday.

Einstein designed a Refrigerator.

Einstein wouldn't drink alcohol.

Einstein did not speak until he was four years old.

Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a 
great king from history?
 Diamonds = Julius Caesar, Spades = King David, 
 Hearts = Charlemagne, Clubs = Alexander the Great.

The more concentrated you get the less you blink.

There are more people alive today than the number 
of all the people that have died, ever.

Men can read smaller print than women can.

Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair.

A rollercoaster has no engine.

The unit 'foot' was originally the length of 
a human foot (12 inches).

Cigarette lighter was invented before the 
matches where invented.

Thomas Edison, light bulb inventor, was afraid of the dark.

Sir Isaac Newton invented the cat door.

TV antennas were invented in 1898 but TV's 
were not invented until the year 1935.

Men are four times more likely to be struck by lightning than women.

Recycling one aluminum can saves enough 
energy to run a TV for about three hours.

In average a woman smiles more often than a man.

You share your birthday with at least 9 million 
other people in the world.

Only 12 people have ever set foot on the Moon.

If you fart constantly for 6 years and 9 months, 
enough gas is produced to create the energy of 
an atomic bomb.

The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.

40% of all people at a party snoop in your medicine cabinet.

The average person has over 1,460 dreams a year.

A cow farts about 600 litres of metangas every day. 
That is enough to fyll up 40 party ballons.

The average lead pencil can draw a line that is 
almost 35 miles long or you can write almost 
50,000 words in English with just one pencil.

Drivers kill more deer than hunters.

Rats multiply so quickly that in 18 months, 
two rats could have over a million descendants.

The average criminal sentence length is 137 years in Colombia.

Donkeys kill more people annually than plane crashes.

Sri Lanka has lowest divorce rate in the world - 
and the highest rate of female suicide.

You swallow about a quart of snot everyday.

Humans share about 50% of their DNA with bananas.

Kissing helps prevent tooth decay.

The chocolate chip cookie was created by accident.

If the sun suddenly stopped shining it would take 
eight minutes for people on earth to be aware of it.

A person classified as "ugly" in San Francisco 
may not walk down any street.

Before the 1960's men with long hair were 
not allowed to enter Disneyland.

You're 66 times more likely to be prosecuted 
in the USA as in France.

More than 2,500 left-handed people are killed each 
year from using products that are made for 
right-handed people.

Henry Ford was the first billionaire in the US.

Pound for pound, hamburgers cost more than new cars.

America once issued a 5-cent bill.

In the 1400's a law was set forth in England that 
a man was allowed to beat his wife with a stick no 
thicker than his thumb. Hence we have 
'the rule of thumb'

Many years ago in Scotland , a new game was 
invented. It was ruled 'Gentlemen Only...Ladies 
Forbidden'...and thus the word GOLF entered 
into the English language.

The first couple to be shown in bed together on 
prime time TV were Fred and Wilma Flintstone.

Every day more money is printed for Monopoly 
than the U.S . Treasury.

Men can read smaller print than women can;
 women can hear better.

Coca-Cola was originally green.

It is impossible to lick your elbow.

Intelligent people have more zinc and 
copper in their hair.

The first novel ever written on a typewriter: Tom Sawyer.

If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has 
both front legs in the air, the person died in
battle. If the horse has one front leg in the air 
the person died as a result of wounds received in 
battle. If the horse has all four legs on the 
ground, the person died of natural causes.

Q. If you were to spell out numbers, how far would 
you have to go until you would find the letter 'A'?
A. One thousand

Q. What do bulletproof vests, fire escapes,
 windshield wipers, and laser printers all have in common?
A. All were invented by women.

Q. What is the only food that doesn't spoil?
A. Honey

In Shakespeare's time, mattresses were secured on 
bed frames by ropes. When you pulled on the ropes 
the mattress tightened, making the bed firmer to 
sleep on. Hence the phrase......... 'goodnight, 
sleep tight.'

It was the accepted practice in Babylon 4,000 
years ago that for a month after the wedding, the 
bride's father would supply his son-in-law with 
all the mead he could drink. Mead is a honey beer 
and because their calendar was lunar based, this 
period was called the honey month, which we know 
today as the honeymoon.

In English pubs, ale is ordered by pints and 
quarts... So in old England, when customers got 
unruly, the bartender would yell at them 'Mind 
your pints and quarts, and settle down.' It's 
where we get the phrase 'mind your P's and Q's'

Many years ago in England , pub frequenters had a 
whistle baked into the rim, or handle, of their 
ceramic cups. When they needed a refill, they used 
the whistle to get some service. 'Wet your whistle' 
is the phrase inspired by this practice.
