More often than not, when someone is telling me a
story all I can think about is that I can't wait
for them to finish so that I can tell my own story
that's not only better, but also more directly
involves me.
 
Nothing sucks more than that moment during an 
argument when you realize you're wrong.
 
Have you ever been walking down the street and 
realized that you're going in the complete 
opposite direction of where you are supposed to be
going? But instead of just turning a 180 and 
walking back in the direction from which you came,
you have to first do something like check your 
watch or phone or make a grand arm gesture and 
mutter to yourself to ensure that no one in the 
surrounding area thinks you're crazy by randomly 
switching directions on the sidewalk.
 
I totally take back all those times I didn't want 
to nap when I was younger.
 
The letters T and G are very close to each other 
on a keyboard. This recently became all too 
apparent to me and consequently I will never be 
ending a work email with the phrase "Regards" again.
 
There is a great need for sarcasm font.
 
Sometimes, I'll watch a movie that I watched when 
I was younger and suddenly realize I had no idea 
what the f&*% was going on when I first saw it.  
 
I think everyone has a movie that they love so 
much, it actually becomes stressful to watch it 
with other people. I'll end up wasting 90 minutes
shiftily glancing around to confirm that everyone's 
laughing at the right parts, then making sure I 
laugh just a little bit harder (and a millisecond
earlier) to prove that I'm still the only one who 
really, really gets it. 
 
How the hell are you supposed to fold a fitted sheet?
 
I would rather try to carry 10 plastic grocery 
bags in each hand than take 2 trips to bring my 
groceries in.
 
I think part of a best friend's job should be to 
immediately clear your computer history if you die.
 
The only time I look forward to a red light is 
when I'm trying to finish a text.
 
Was learning cursive really necessary?
 
Lol has gone from meaning, "laugh out loud" to 
"I have nothing else to say".
 
I have a hard time deciphering the fine line 
between boredom and hunger.
 
How many times is it appropriate to say "What?" 
before you just nod and smile because you still 
didn't hear what they said?
 
Every time I have to spell a word over the phone 
using 'as in' examples, I will undoubtedly draw a 
blank and sound like a complete idiot.  Today I 
had to spell my boss's last name to an attorney 
and said "Yes that's G as in...
(10 second lapse)..ummm...Goonies"
 
What would happen if I hired two private 
investigators to follow each other?
 
Garmin really needs to start their directions on 
#5. Pretty sure I know how to get out of my
neighbourhood.
 
Obituaries would be a lot more interesting if they
 told you how the person died.
 
I find it hard to believe there are actually 
people who get in the shower first and THEN turn 
on the water.
 
Shirts get dirty. Underwear gets dirty. Pants? 
Pants never get dirty, and you can wear them forever. 
 
I can't remember the last time I wasn't at least 
kind of tired. Bad decisions make good stories
 
Why is it that during an ice-breaker, when the 
whole room has to go around and say their name and 
where they are from, I get so incredibly nervous? 
Like I know my name, I know where I'm from, this 
shouldn't be a problem.
 
You never know when it will strike, but there 
comes a moment at work when you've made up your 
mind that you just aren't doing anything productive 
for the rest of the day.
 
Can we all just agree to ignore whatever comes 
after DVDs? I don't want to have to restart my collection.
 
here's no worse feeling than that millisecond 
you're sure you are going to die after leaning 
your chair back a little too far.
 
I'm always slightly terrified when I exit out of 
Word and it asks me if I want to save any changes
to my ten page research paper that I swear I did
not make any changes to.
 
"Do not machine wash or tumble dry" means I will 
never wash this ever.
 
I hate being the one with the remote in a room 
full of people watching TV. There's so much 
pressure. 'I love this show, but will they judge 
me if I keep it on? I bet everyone is wishing we 
weren't watching this. It's only a matter of time 
before they all get up and leave the room. Will we
still be friends after this?'
 
I hate when I just miss a call by the last ring 
(Hello? Hello? Damnit!), but when I immediately 
call back, it rings nine times and goes to 
voicemail. What'd you do after I didn't answer? 
Drop the phone and run away?
 
I hate leaving my house confident and looking good 
and then not seeing anyone of importance the 
entire day. What a waste.
 
When I meet a new girl, I'm terrified of 
mentioning something she hasn't already told me 
but that I have learned from some light internet
stalking.
 
I like all of the music in my iTunes, except when 
it's on shuffle, then I like about one in every 
fifteen songs in my iTunes.
 
Why is a school zone 20 mph? That seems like the 
optimal cruising speed for paedophiles...
 
As a driver I hate pedestrians, and as a 
pedestrian I hate drivers, but no matter what the 
mode of transportation, I always hate cyclists.
 
Sometimes I'll look down at my watch 3 consecutive 
times and still not know what time it is.
 
It should probably be called Unplanned Parenthood.
 
I keep some people's phone numbers in my phone 
just so I know not to answer when they call.
 
I think that if, years down the road when I'm 
trying to have a kid, I find out that I'm sterile, 
most of my disappointment will stem from the fact 
that I was not aware of my condition in high school.
 
Even under ideal conditions people have trouble 
locating their car keys in a pocket, hitting the 
G-spot, and Pinning the Tail on the Donkey - but
I'd bet my ass everyone can find and push the 
Snooze button from 3 feet away, in about 1.7 
seconds, eyes closed, first time every time...
 
My 4-year old son asked me in the car the other 
day "Dad what would happen if you ran over a ninja?" 
How the hell do I respond to that?
 
It really pisses me off when I want to read a 
story on CNN.com and the link takes me to a video 
instead of text.
 
I wonder if cops ever get pissed off at the fact
that everyone they drive behind obeys the speed limit.
 
I think the freezer deserves a light as well.
 
The other night I ordered takeout, and when I 
looked in the bag, saw they had included four sets 
of plastic silverware. In other words, someone at 
the restaurant packed my order, took a second to 
think about it, and then estimate d that there 
must be at least four people eating to require 
such a large amount of food. Too bad I was eating 
by myself. There's nothing like being made to feel 
like a fat bastard before dinner.

'Stewardesses' is the longest word typed with only 
the left hand   

And lollipop' is the longest word typedwith your 
right hand.  

No word in the English language rhymes with month, 
orange, silver, or purple.

'Dreamt' is the only English word that ends in the 
letters 'mt'. 

Our eyes are always the same size from birth.

There are only four words in the English language 
which end in 'dous': tremendous, horrendous, 
stupendous, and hazardous.   

There are two words in the English language that 
have all five vowels in order: 'abstemious' and 
'facetious.' 

TYPEWRITER is the longest word that can be made 
using the letters only on one row of the keyboard.

A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.  

A 'jiffy' is an actual unit of time for 1/100th 
of a second. 

A shark is the only fish that can blink with 
both eyes.  

A snail can sleep for three years. 

Almonds are a member of the peach family.

An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.    

Babies are born without kneecaps. They don't 
appear until the child reaches 2 to 6 years of age. 

February 1865 is the only month in recorded 
history not to have a full moon.  

In the last 4,000 years, no new animals have 
been domesticated.

If the population of China walked past you, 8
abreast, the line would never end because of the 
rate of reproduction.  

Leonardo  Da Vinci invented  the  scissors   

Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated. 

The average person's left hand does 56% of the 
typing.

The microwave was invented after a researcher 
walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar 
melted in his pocket.  

There are more chickens than people in the world.   

Winston  Churchill was born in a ladies' room 
during a dance.   

Women blink  nearly twice as much as men. 

The Earth is smoother than a billiard ball, if 
both were of the same size. 

Nintendo was founded in 1889.

If you take all the molecules in a teaspoon of 
water and lined them up end to end in a single 
file line, they would stretch ~30 billion miles.

You can line up all 8 planets in our solar system 
directly next to each other and it would fit in 
the space between Earth and the Moon.

Saudi Arabia imports camels from Australia.

On both Saturn and Jupiter, it rains diamonds.

We went to the moon before we thought to put 
wheels on suitcases.

A human could swim through the arteries of a blue whale.

If you could fold a piece of paper in half 42 times, 
the combined thickness would reach the moon.

If you were able to dig a hole to the center of 
the earth, and drop something down it, it would 
take 42 minutes for the object to get there.

If the timeline of earth was compressed into one 
year, humans wouldn't show up until December 31 
at 11:58 p.m.

A speck of dust is halfway in size between a 
subatomic particle and the Earth.

The lighter the roast of coffee, the more caffeine it has.

National animal of Scotland is a Unicorn.

When you get a kidney transplant, they usually 
just leave your original kidneys in your body and 
put the 3rd kidney in your pelvis.

North Korea and Finland both border the same country; Russia.

It’s never said that Humpty Dumpty was an egg in 
the nursery rhyme.

If you have 23 people in a room, there is a 50% 
chance that 2 of them have the same birthday.

France last used a guillotine to execute someone 
after Star Wars premiered.

Anne Frank and Martin Luther King Jr. were born 
in the same year.

From the time it was discovered to the time it was 
stripped of its status as a planet, Pluto hadn't 
made a full trip around the Sun.

Mammoths were alive when the Great Pyramid was 
being built.
