Klock - a clock with a k.

A multifunction timing thingy, where some [but not necessary all] of the functions are useful.

The multifunction timing thingy is split into five pages - Fuzzy Time, World Klock, Countdown, Timer and Reminder.


Fuzzy Time

Allows the current time to be displayed in a number of different formats.

NB: The time can be displayed in two differnt forms of hex time.
Hex time is just current [local] time display in hexidecimal format
Where True Hex Time, divides the day into 16 hours of 256 minutes of 16 seconds.


World Klock

Allows the time from a selected Time Zone to be displayed.


Countdown

Implements a simple countdown timer [between 1 and 90 minutes].
The time for the countdown can be either entered directly of the up/down controls can be used.
The timer can be paused during countdown and stopped before the end is reached.
At the end of the countdown, either a sound can be played, a reminder displayed, a system command [system shut down or re-boot]
or a external program can br run - or any combination of the four.


Timer

Implements  a simple timer, with split time function.
The timer can be stopped, paused and resumed.
A split function allows for given time to be remembered.


Reminder

Implements a reminder option.
Today's date is default, but a future date can also be selected.  A time can also be added to the reminder date.
If no date is added, the reminder will fire at midnight.
At the end of the countdownhen the reminder is due  either a sound can be played, a reminder displayed,
a system command [system shut down or re-boot] or a external program can br run - or any combination of the four.


Friends

Implements a simple contact [Freinds] database.
Friends can be added, edited or deleted.
Each friend can have up to three e-mails and telephone numbers, an address, a date of birth, a web site
and a memo section for notes.

The friends filename and location can be changed in the option screen.
A Zip Archive can then be save and re-loaded of this file

Pressing F12 with the Friends tab viable, will show the total number of friends klock knows about.



The button bar contains three buttons -
help  - will display a simple help screen, depending upon the tab being currently viewed [not yet implemented].
Close - Quits the application.
Hide  - Switches the application to the system area.



When the program is running in the system area, the following options are available.
If hovered over, the current time will be displayed.
Right clicked on the icon will display a pop up menu.
This will allow the application to be restored, the option scr4een to be displayed,
the application can be exited or toggle the displaying of time in a notification window.

If the application is in the task bar, any display messages
[i.e. a reminder becoming due] will be displayed in a notification window [as will errors etc].


The status bar contains [after the the time & date] the legend cns.
The c represents caps lock.
The n represents Num Lock.
The S represents Scroll Lock.
The letter will be upper case if the key is activated, otherwise lower case.
If the PC is detected to be running on battery, these will appear in red.


The application also contains a options screen [file / Options] which allows various options to be set.

NB: If the option is checked to start on windows start up, it only operates for the current user.


Program partially tested on Windows XP & Windows 7 [both 32 & 64 bit].


The notification windows [or toast] is written by jmcilhinney and can be found at
http://www.vbforums.com/showthread.php?351757-Animated-Window-Effects-with-quot-Toast-quot-popup-demo

The Archive [zip] stuff uses a dll called DotNetZip - see http://DotNetZip.codeplex.com.
This comes under the Microsoft Public License (Ms-PL) - which is included in the application folder.


Much of the code for the friends tab was inspired from reading Mastering Visual Basic 2010 by Evangelos Petroutsos.